This is a valid critique. Exquisite Haiku explores a literary-theoretical question about authorship by building a piece of software that is, itself, a tool for literary composition. This fundamentally borders on art practice. I think the question of "softness" depends on how you define the disciplinary territory. It's my suspicion that the next generation of literary studies will be about theorizing texts that emerge from completely new modes of production; Exquisite Haiku introduces and theorizes a new mode.

On a specific note, I think the the reviewer may have misunderstood the basic structure of the argument when (s)he writes: "It is no surprise that if a community of authors something [sic], it will not have the characteristics of a single-authored work." If I read this correctly (I assume "authors [says or writes] something"), then I certainly agree - but the paper is about the opposite question. As discussed in the abstract, there is a rich history of 20th-century art practices that turned to collaboration as a means of dismantling single-authorship, which has variously been seen as restrictive, stifling, hegemonic, etc. Exquisite Haiku tries to see if collaboration can be marshaled to also perform the inverse of this task - if it's possible to devise a collaborative process that makes it possible for a group of people to _create_ literary artifacts that are indistinguishable from ones produced by individual authors, that in fact have _all_ the "characteristics of a single-authored work."

Breaking down single-authorship by replacing one author with many authors is easy; trying to use the same collaborative processes to put it back together again is much trickier, like trying to glue together a shattered vase. Exquisite Haiku picks the most difficult challenge for collaboration - the creation of poetry, something often valued precisely to the extent that it is idiosyncratic, stylistically original, and generally non-collaborative - and then tries to engineer a form of collaboration that can clear the bar. In this sense, I argue that the project becomes a proxy for much larger conversations about the capabilities of people working in groups - especially in the context of modern networked culture and democracy, which tend to be more interested in the connections among people than in the artistic interiority of specific persons.
